Ah, gaming. The final frontier in a locked
down world. A virtual escape where all you
hope for is a “GG”. But back in the real
world, we cannot play video games forever…
Well… I mean we could, but it would be
highly irresponsible.

The narrator pauses as though to have a moment of
inflection before continuing.



We have all been spending a lot of time at
home trying to survive these crazy times.
For some it is an enlightening experience,
for others an unwelcome hindrance. But for
a large portion of our society, this has
brought about the greatest cataclysm of
all…

We are stuck at home with… OUR KIDS.



With schools no longer able to tame the
wildebeests we call our children it falls
to our greatly incapable hands to find a
way to educate and entertain the rugrats.
“But Narrator” I hear you say,
incredulously. “I just want to drive fast
cars, eat fast food, and run the fast
cycle on my washing machine! I have no
time for the gentle caress of education! I
can only manage the swift backhand of

**“iPad parenting!”!”**


Indubitably, bright screens, fun touch
interfaces, and the black hole of moving
images we have called “YouTube”, have fast taken
over the sticks-and-hoops of yesteryear.
Case studies on the effect of technology
on children have had riveting results,
leading to long papers of text without
pictures.



That is where Math Game (title pending)
comes in! We at Team 25 have heard the
cries of parents and have come with a
boisterous bottle of “no-more-tears” in
the form of the hippest edutainment game
to hit the market.



Math Game (title pending)! Soak up what
little attention span your younglings have
in a math-tastic adventure full of twists
turns, and trigonometry! In Math Game title 
pending, your kids will collect power-ups, do 
cool math questions and have an
absolute-numbers blast! In our QUADRUPLE-A
game experience (the four A’s standing for
Addition, subtrAction, multiplicAtion, and
Div…A…sion… da… dAvision… mAth.)



Players can expect to expand their
knowledge and appreciation of mathematics
through Math Game’s soon-to-be classic
quests such as: “this + that equals
cricket bat”, “I’ll learn your statistics,
but graphs are where I draw the line”, and
“Average-N-gers: Infinity (War) divided by
Infinity (War) is Technically an
Undefinable Value”.



Put Math Game (title pending) in your
child’s hands and get them off yours! When
it comes to preparing them for adult life
demanding the angles of a stated triangle,
we have your back! Math Game! MATH GAME!



Math Game (title pending), the metaphorical
teet for your child’s suckling brain, can
be yours for the low, low price of %159.99! 
Pre-order the Math Game(title pending) collector’s 
edition that comes with a real paper and pencil 
to bring your lessons into the mystical fourth
dimension!
T's amd C's may apply!

